README.md, before:

# Hologram Image Upload

React image uploader with dropzone and cropper function, which used [React Dropzone](https://github.com/okonet/react-dropzone) and [React Image Crop](https://github.com/DominicTobias/react-image-crop).

This project still under active development, please feel free to open issues or pull request.

[![npm]( 	http://img.shields.io/npm/v/npm.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hologram-image-upload)

##Demo
https://hologram.sardo.work/

## Features
- Using dropzone to upload multiple image files
- Crop and preview image  

## Installation
```bash
npm install hologram-image-upload --save
```

## Usage
```js
import Hologram from 'hologram-image-upload';
```
You should require dist/style.css and dist/ReactCrop.css and bootstrap.css (or bootstrap.min.css), the css file of React Image Crop and Bootstrap too.

 ```html
<link rel=stylesheet type="text/css" href="dist/css/ReactCrop.css">
<link rel=stylesheet type="text/css" href="dist/css/style.css">
<link href="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootswatch/3.3.7/sandstone/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" crossorigin="anonymous">
 ```

## Props

#### uploader (required)
The post url of your upload handler.

```jsx
<Hologram uploader="upload.php"/>
```

#### maxFiles (optional)
If files more than this number, it will not be uploaded.  Default Number is 10.

```js
var maxFiles = 10;
<Hologram uploader="upload.php" maxFiles={maxFiles}/>
```

#### dropzoneConfig (optional)
Config of React Dropzone.
https://github.com/okonet/react-dropzone

```jsx
var dropzoneConfig = {
        style : {
            marginLeft:'auto',
            marginRight:'auto',
            width:'50%',
            padding: '2.5em 0',
            background: 'rgba(0,0,0,0.5)',
            textAlign: 'center',
            color: '#fff'
        }
    }

<Hologram uploader="upload.php" cropperConfig={crop} dropzoneConfig={dropzoneConfig}/>
```


#### cropperConfig (optional)
Config of React Image Crop.
https://github.com/DominicTobias/react-image-crop

```jsx
var crop = {
	x: 20,
	y: 10,
}

<Hologram uploader="upload.php" cropperConfig={crop} />
```

#### onComplete(uploadResult) (optional)
Callback function which trigger when image uploaded.
It will pass a object which contain http response, you can use it to handler the result of upload.  

## Contributing

You can clone this repository then start develop at sandbox, or feel free to open issue on github.

Build package:

```bash
npm run build
```

Build sandbox:

```bash
webpack
```

Commit message:

Stable version 2.0.0
Will not require react-bootstrap now

Change button style

Add gulp-copy plugin

Add gulpfile to sandbox

Fix the link of resource

Restyle the dropzone

Complete base style

Fix gulp script, update version to 2.0.0

Update README

Use react responsive modal to improve modal style

Have Reponsive style

README.md, after:

# Hologram Image Upload

React image uploader with dropzone and cropper function, which used [React Dropzone](https://github.com/okonet/react-dropzone) and [React Image Crop](https://github.com/DominicTobias/react-image-crop).

This project still under active development, please feel free to open issues or pull request.

[![npm]( 	http://img.shields.io/npm/v/npm.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hologram-image-upload)

## Demo
https://hologram.sardo.work/

## Features
- Using dropzone to upload multiple image files
- Crop and preview image  

## Installation
```bash
npm install hologram-image-upload --save
```

## Usage
```js
import Hologram from 'hologram-image-upload';
```
then require dist/Hologram.css:

 ```html
<link rel=stylesheet type="text/css" href="dist/css/Hologram.css">
 ```

After version 2.0, you will not need require css file of react crop and bootstrap anymore.

## Props

#### uploader (required)
The post url of your upload handler.

```jsx
<Hologram uploader="upload.php"/>
```

#### maxFiles (optional)
If files more than this number, it will not be uploaded.  Default Number is 10.

```js
var maxFiles = 10;
<Hologram uploader="upload.php" maxFiles={maxFiles}/>
```

#### dropzoneConfig (optional)
Config of React Dropzone.
https://github.com/okonet/react-dropzone

```jsx
var dropzoneConfig = {
            style : {
                textAlign: 'center',
                padding: '2.5em 0',
                background: 'rgba(0,0,0,0.5)',
                color: '#fff'
            }
    }

<Hologram uploader="upload.php" dropzoneConfig={dropzoneConfig}/>
```


#### cropperConfig (optional)
Config of React Image Crop.
https://github.com/DominicTobias/react-image-crop

```jsx
var crop = {
	x: 20,
	y: 10,
}

<Hologram uploader="upload.php" cropperConfig={crop} />
```

#### onComplete(result) (optional)
Callback function which trigger when image uploaded.
It will pass a object which contain http response, you can use it to handler the result of upload.  

## Contributing

You can clone this repository then start develop at sandbox, or feel free to open issue on github.

Build package:

```bash
npm run build
```

Watch package change and build it:

```bash
npm run watch
```
